# Meeting Summary for ELR LATAM - Continuation

**Meeting Date:** January 9, 2025

---

## Quick Recap
The team discussed:
- Implementing a new system in Peru, focusing on homologation for a PSL and the lack of a web service or API for document capture.
- Considering the potential to become an OSS and the implications.
- Maintaining stable services while transitioning to the new system.
- Handling invoices and documents in Brazil.

---

## Next Steps
- Alex will message Greg about legacy product sales and set up a meeting with Greg, Alexandra, and Jamie.
- Leonardo will coordinate with Massa regarding architects visiting Brazil in late January.
- Leonardo will discuss with Alex about the VAT compliance meeting in Brighton and whether full attendance is necessary.
- Claudia will arrange a session with Hugo and Arnor to explain SME work, including UBL mappings.
- Leonardo will send Claudia the link to the Peru epic and stories after Hugo's review.
- Hugo will complete the Peru story review by 10 AM the next day.
- Alex will confirm PSE and OSE requirements in Peru with PwC.
- Leonardo and Hugo will prepare a legacy product sales summary for Greg, Alexandra, and Jamie.
- Alex and Leonardo will consider the tax reformâ€™s impact on the ELR roadmap.
- Leonardo will include UBL conversion for Brazil in discussions with the visiting architects.

---

## Summary

### Peru's New System and Automation
The team discussed:
- The homologation process for PSL and the need for a "Boletimenta de Venda" as a PSC requirement.
- The lack of an API for document capture, making automation impossible. Taxpayers use a portal with document keys.

### XML Invoice Email Process Discussion
- Alex suggested discussing XML invoices via email as part of Peru's tax authority methods.
- Email capture was proposed for Q2 as Q1 focus remains on building necessary infrastructure.

### Roles and Responsibilities in Operations
- Hugo clarified that customers choose the OSC, and the team determines the correct OSC for information sharing.
- PSC has a simpler homologation process compared to OSC.

### Exploring PSC and Potential OSS
- The team considered starting with PSC and transitioning to OSS later.
- Alex proposed finding a partner for interoperability and sandbox access.

### Handling Invoices and Documents in Brazil
- Focus on direct downloads from SEFAC, excluding CT scenarios for Q1.
- NFC handled through email only; NFSE development depends on city-specific APIs.

### Transitioning to the New System Proposal
- Hugo proposed maintaining the current system and transitioning to ELR when ready.
- Team discussed selling only standard solutions during this phase.

### Project Roadmap, Tax Reform, and Mapping
- Discussion on project roadmap and tax reform implications.
- Agreed to coordinate a January meeting to discuss design and impacts.

